# FWB Member Profile

FWB Profile / seasonpass (working title) is an ERC-721 "member profile" NFT for Friends with Benefits.

this project environment is currently configured with hardhat & typescript.
types for this project are located in [./types](./types) and autogenerated with `typechain`.



## new!

FWBMemberProfile
single-owner, minimal permssioned contract for test purposes.

v0 deployed on rinkeby: https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x58685d02e90825bca87929bb207a0560a8815c79

contract address: ```0x58685D02E90825bCa87929Bb207A0560A8815c79```

contract abi:  [here](./data/abi/contracts/FWBMemberProfile.sol/FWBMemberProfile.json)

## installation

1. git clone the repository on your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/bretth18/seasonpass
```

2. cd into the repo and install dependencies


```bash
cd seasonpass 
```

```bash
yarn install
```

3. create a ```.env``` file in your root directory. an example is located at [.env-example](.env-example)




## troubleshooting install

this project is configured for use with `hardhat-deploy-ethers` for easy deployment fixtures. this can cause some installation issues, [see here](https://github.com/wighawag/hardhat-deploy-ethers/issues/13)

in this case, try the following:
```bash
npm install --save-dev @nomiclabs/hardhat-ethers@npm:hardhat-deploy-ethers ethers
```

and then

```bash
yarn add hardhat-deploy-ethers
```





## usage

```bash
npx hardhat 
```

starting local hardhat EVM

```bash
npx hardhat node
```

compiling solidity contracts

```bash
npx hardhat compile
```


running tests

```bash
npx hardhat test
```




### deploying contracts

this repository is configured for use with `hardhat-deploy`.
see the deploy scripts in [./deploy](./deploy) for examples.

deployment scripts contain tag fixtures to aid in deployment sequencing and individual deployment. 

to deploy contracts locally:

```bash
npx hardhat deploy [--tags DEPLOY_SCRIPT_TAG] --network [hardhat || localhost]
```




### tests

unit tests are located in [./test](./test)
tests are written with mocha + chai.

tests use deployment fixtures from `hardhat-deploy` / `hardhat-deploy-ethers`



## roadmap
todo.



## contributing

pull requests are welcome. for major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

please make sure to update tests as appropriate.



## license
[MIT](LICENSE)



